[Vitest Integration] explains how to import modules on the global setup file (#19937)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/testing/vitest-integration/known-issues.mdx

});
```

You can find an example in the [Recipes](/workers/testing/vitest-integration/recipes) page.

### Importing modules from global setup file

> While Vitest is instructed to resolve packages for the `workerd` runtime, it runs your global setup file in the NodeJS environment. This is why you might encounter issue importing pacakges like [Postgres.js](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/issues/6465) that export non-node version for `workerd`. To get around this issue, you can create a wrapper that uses Vite's SSR module loader to import your global setup file under the correct conditions. Then, adjust your Vitest configuration to point to this wrapper. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although Vitest is set up to resolve packages for the `workerd` runtime, it runs your global setup file in the Node.js environment. This can cause issues when importing packages like [Postgres.js](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/issues/6465), which exports a non-Node version for `workerd`.
To work around this, you can create a wrapper that uses Vite's SSR module loader to import the global setup file under the correct conditions. Then, adjust your Vitest configuration to point to this wrapper. For example:
```
